Add ES|QL federated data stub page (#152477)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/query-languages/esql/esql-federated-data.md

---
navigation_title: "Federated data"

> description: "Overview of querying data stored outside Elasticsearch using {{esql}}, including key concepts, supported data sources, and file formats."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Overview of querying data stored outside Elasticsearch using ES|QL, including key concepts, supported data sources, and file formats."
```

The {{esql}} substitution doesn't resolve in the description frontmatter.

Author: 💯 TY
